Olive is a UNCC student who is a senior. She is 21 years old and has had a couple of jobs. She has access to all her github projects and past assignment work. As a senior she wants to look for internships to expand her resume. She also is looking on what to put into a resume and figure out what companies are looking for.
She uses the resume app newly created in CCI to help her look at what she wants to put in her resume. She found out about it from her academic advisor. From there she found internships in the UNCC area and created a portfolio for her resume.










Devin is a 21 year old male who prefers work over studying. He is a Jr in school and wants to change up his life. He attended UNCC but is thinking of dropping out and pursuing a career immediatly. He worked full time while at school and wants to gather all the things he has done in computer science to put into a resume and attempt to get a full time job or intership to then start his career. He wants to find out what jobs or skills to develop or look for in the internship to round out his resume
He talked to his academic advisor about his future career path and from there he discover the resume builder from CCI. He now quickly created portfolios and got into contact with several companies in the UNCC area to attempt to get a internship. He dropped out of UNCC and continued building his resume from his internships.








Chad is a 18 year old freshman who does not fully care about his resume now. He attends UNCC. He just wants to get a framework for things to keep in mind for his college career. He wants to know as a baseline things to look out for and what to think about and the last day to build up a resume throughout the year. Essentially just wants to procrastinate and build one.
Chad learned about the resume builder from the CCI course that all freshman have to take. He started a to do list on it and over the course of his freshman year would look at it and update it. Keeping in mind what he would add and planned it all out.