Scenarios:
- Wolfram, age 21, is a Junior at UNCC. He has worked on some personal web development projects that he has on his github page and is looking for internships to gain work experience. Wolfram has had trouble in the past finding extracurricular activities through apps and websites but is still willing to give it another try if one seems promising. He wants a way to communicate with resources that can connect him with companies looking for interns. Wolfram asks his friend if he knows about any apps that could help resolve this issue. His friend, Gerald, recommends him an app that allows him to view local job fairs through a calendar. He attends a couple and eventually lands an interview with a company that was present at one of the fairs.

- Norman is a freshman, age 18, and is looking to explore the field of computer science and the various career paths within the field. He has little to no experience or knowledge in the field, as he has only recently declared it as his major. As such, Norman is looking for a way to get started in preparing himself for the future. He wishes for an app that provides a centralized base of information that he can further explore himself to set him on the path to success. Norman sees an ad for an app that looks like it fits his needs, and downloads the app. This app allows Norman to view topics and career paths in computer science, with links to find out more about the specific areas. After some research, Norman decides to pursue software development.

- Joe, age 23, recently graduated with a degree in software engineering. He finds himself struggling with landing a job in the field and feels like he is lacking in his portfolio and interview skills. He is unfamiliar with resources and aides for such a purpose, but is not opposed to it. Joe  would like help building a better resume and improving his portfolio, as well as learning to interview better. After discovering the app, Joe drastically improves his resume and uses practice interviews to improve his skills, allowing him to eventually receive a job offer.
